Reference documentation for the CSS Custom highlight API (#23907)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/highlightregistry/get/index.md

---
title: HighlightRegistry.get()
slug: Web/API/HighlightRegistry/get
page-type: web-api-instance-method
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - CSS Custom Highlight API
  - Reference
  - get
browser-compat: api.HighlightRegistry.get
---

{{APIRef("CSS Custom Highlight API")}}

The **`get()`** method of the {{domxref("HighlightRegistry")}} interface returns a {{domxref("Highlight")}} object from the registry specified by its name.

`HighlightRegistry` is a {{jsxref("Map")}}-like object, so this is similar to using {{jsxref("Map.get()")}}.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
get(name)
```

### Parameters

- `name`
  - : The name of the `Highlight` object to return from the registry. The name must be a {{jsxref("String")}}.

### Return value

The `Highlight` object associated with the specified name, or {{jsxref("undefined")}} if the name can't be found in the `HighlightRegistry`.

## Examples

> The following code sample demonstrates how to create a new `Highlight`, set it in the registry, and retrieve it by its name using the `get()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code sample demonstrates how to create a new `Highlight`, add it to the registry, and retrieve it by its name using the `get()` method:
```
